Adding advise about croct.fetch (#15)
croct-tech/challenges: customer-success-engineer/README.md

- If you have any questions, we're here to support you! Please reach us on the `#support` channel in
  the [Croct Community](https://croct.link/community).

> ### Important!
> 
> If you receive the error `The fetch feature is currently available only to accounts participating in our Early-Access Program (EAP).(...)`, insert the tag `<script src="https://cdn.croct.io/js/v1/app/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/custom.js"></script>` before `croct.plug();`. This script is responsible for allow you to use `croct.fetch`.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
### Important!

The `croct.fetch` API is currently in preview and is enabled only for our Early-Access Program participants.  
If you receive the error `The fetch feature is currently available only to accounts participating in our Early-Access Program (EAP).(...)`, insert the following tag in your `head` block before calling `croct.plug` to enable the EAP features:

```html
<head>
    <script src="https://cdn.croct.io/js/v1/app/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/custom.js"></script>
    <!-- The tag above should be before the following call -->
    <script>croct.plug()</script>
</head>
```
````

Author: Should we add an explanation as big as the requirements? I'm afraid that this can make the candidates confused (and we could let them decide where to put the croct script, so we could later ask about this decision >:D ), what do you think?

Author: In fact is more clear, I don't even thought about how the md would look when rendered!
 Thanks for the corrention c:

- If you have any questions, we're here to support you! Please reach us on the `#support` channel in
  the [Croct Community](https://croct.link/community).

### Important!

> The `croct.fetch` API is currently in preview and is enabled only for our Early-Access Program participants.  
> If you receive the error `The fetch feature is currently available only to accounts participating in our Early-Access Program (EAP)`, insert the following tag in your `head` block before calling `croct.plug` to enable the EAP features:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `croct.fetch` API is currently in preview and is enabled only for our Early-Access Program participants.  
If you receive the error _"The fetch feature is currently available only to accounts participating in our Early-Access Program (EAP)"_, insert the following tag in your `head` block before calling `croct.plug` to enable the EAP features:
```
